feat(behavior): key toggle behavior (#1278)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/behaviors/key-toggle.md

---
title: Key Toggle Behavior
sidebar_label: Key Toggle
---

## Summary

The key toggle behavior toggles the press of a key.
If the key is not currently pressed, key toggle will press it, holding it until the key toggle is pressed again or the key is released in some other way.
If the key _is_ currently pressed, key toggle will release it.

> Example uses for key toggle include shift lock, or `ALT-TAB` window switching without holding down the `ALT` modifier.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if these are intended to be new paragraphs, but if so a blank line is required between each of them. 

I do think the last line (with the examples) would be useful broken out into its own paragraph.

Author: These were not meant to be separate paragraphs; I just usually put each sentence on a new line for easier to read diffs when changes are made.  Agreed on that last line, made that its own paragraph.

### Behavior Binding

- Reference: `&kt`

> - Parameter #1: The keycode , e.g. `LALT` or `DOWN_ARROW`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Parameter: The [keycode](../codes/index.mdx), e.g. `LALT` or `DOWN_ARROW`
```

Example:

```
&kt LALT
```

> You can use any keycode that works for `&kp` as parameter to `&kt`, however, modded keys such as `LA(A)` will be toggled based on the status of the base keycode (in this case `A`).
> In other words, modifiers are ignored when determining whether or not the key is currently pressed.

Reviewer: I think it could be helpful to link to the [modifier functions](https://zmk.dev/docs/codes/modifiers#modifier-functions) documentation in this part:

 ```suggestion
You can use any keycode that works for `&kp` as parameter to `&kt`, however, [modified keys](../codes/modifiers.mdx#modifier-functions) such as `LA(A)` will be toggled based on the status of the base keycode (in this case `A`).
In other words, modifiers are ignored when determining whether or not the key is currently pressed.
```

Author: Done, thanks!
